the land of trumpet ROI and song Corbett
National Park is a pioneer in itself Jim
Corbett National Park is the oldest
National Park in India Jim Corbett who
played a key role in its establishment
was established in 1936 as Haley
National Park India government's
ambitious tiger conservation project was
started from here
situated in Nainital district of
Astrakhan the park adds as a protected
area for the endangered Bengal tiger of
India the secure survival of which is
the main objective of project tiger an
Indian wildlife protection initiative an
eco tourism destination it contains all
introduced different species of science
and a diverse variety of fauna
from time immemorial it has captured the
imagination of many wildlife enthusiasts
painters and photographers with its wide
range of flora and fauna breathtaking
landscapes Corbett is located at the
biogeography confluence of Himalayas and
today due to its location in two
distinct Ville areas Norval and human
thought that represent a synthesis of
two unique cultures
velvet has been a haunt for tourists and
by life lovers for a long time
it's houses around hundred ten three
species fifteen species of mammals five
eighty bird species the endangered
Bengal tiger of India resides here the
century was the first to come under
project tiger initiative the path
encompasses the putley doone valley
formed by the RAM vulnerable
over five eighty five species of
resident and migratory birds have been
categorized including the crested
serpent people and 33 species of
reptiles seven species of amphibians
seven species of fish and 37 species of
dragonflies have also been recorded
thick jungle the Ram Ganga river and
plentiful prey made this reserve and
Idol habited for Tigers who are
opportunistic feeders and prey upon a
range of animals the Tigers and earth
have been known to kill much larger
animals such as buffalo and even
elephant for food the Tigers play upon
the larger animals in rare cases of food
shortage other mammals include four
kinds of deer barking sambar hall and
Sheetal
slot and mangled whistles monkeys owls
and nightjars can be heard during the
diet Jim Corbett National Park is
divided into various drones
Miss Ronnie de kala Jana zone and
the wizard out of which this Ronnie and
Acala
are
for the list there are various
attractions Jeep Safari is the most
convenient way to travel within Corbett
National Park and can be rented for the
park trips from harm level elephant
rides as Corbett has abundance of wild
animals so an elephant ride is the best
way to peep into the wildness of hybrid
Riley photography Riley photography is
the best way to capture the pictures
grab beauty of the path for rest of your
life both experts and novice
photographers love to indulge themselves
in this activity traits tools are not
allowed to have walk inside the park
that they are allowed to go for trekking
around the park only with a guide